What's up, guys? I'm Danny Duncan.
>> We actually flew in a bunch of creators
and then Danny and I are going to roast
their videos to see how we can make it
better. How many subscribers do you
have?
>> 110,000
>> 27,000
>> 15,000.
>> Danny, how many subscribers do you have,
Dad?
>> 8 million.
>> Danny's one of the most unfiltered
people I've ever met.
>> That idiot in the background should not
be there. If you don't adapt and
elevate, your shit's going to die.
>> Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god.
>> Jesus, dude. Calm down.
>> That would cause a massive dip in
retention. Redesign your thumbnail.
Simplify it. Oh wow.
>> He's like Gordon Ramsay of videos.
>> My BS detector is on high alert right
now.
>> I think it looks unprofessional and
stupid.
>> You want to sneak into the White House?
>> You don't think that's funny? Look at my
channel. I do [__] I don't want to do
all the time. This is a way deeper
conversation. If you sent me this video
and you're like, I want to work for you.
I'd probably hire you on the spot. The
content now on YouTube, there are so
many shitty creators. It's like actually
pathetic.
>> Danny, if you want to call out somebody
right now,
[Music]
So, this is actually part one of a
two-part series we did with Danny Duncan
where we first roast other YouTubers
before the next video where Danny breaks
down one of his own videos. So, make
sure you subscribe and ring the bell so
you don't miss that one in addition to
some big interviews, studio tours, and
behind the scenes that we have coming
up. All right, let's get to it. Alex,
how many subscribers do you have?
>> 15,000.
>> What video is this?
>> This is me sneaking into an NHL game
using fake media passes.
>> Oh my god.
>> Sorry, Mom. Behind me is the last NHL
game of the season. Inside there's
security, police, celebrities, and I'm
going to try to sneak in as fake media
because front row tickets are expensive
and I can't afford them.
>> Okay. Okay. Oh my god. Um
>> Oh no, dude. You upset him, dude. You
upset him.
>> I'm sorry.
>> And let me ask you a question. If this
got like over a million views, would you
be motivated to sneak into more events?
>> Yes, but the events would but the events
would have to be more novel.
>> Wait, but why is that bad though? If I
real
>> Why is that bad to like real quick sneak
into events like like that that you
shouldn't be in and like you know
potentially jail?
>> Oh, you're you're speaking like legally
and and morally like it's incorrect.
>> I thought we're talking
>> Yeah, I thought we're talking about just
reviews over here. Yes, you're right. I
shouldn't do this and I will never sneak
it again.
>> Watch my channel. I've done like it's
just like a 10 years of [__]
>> Yeah, but brands like
stuff like this.
>> But this is a way deeper con this is a
way deeper conversation. You got some
people that grow up with no parents.
They have no money. They're homeless.
They're just trying to stand out and do
anything they can to to to get views.
>> I know. But in that case, I would have
done something like Ryan Trader and like
trading a dollar up and more and more to
try to get to a game. Like you're
delivering.
>> Like when I started, I have nothing. So
I'm like, I don't care. I will do
anything to succeed.
>> Okay. Okay. I'm just setting this up.
Like imagine success.
>> So I just got in contact with one of the
top sports videographers in my city. I
have to blur his face and everything and
he's basically going to give me a full
rundown on how to sneak into the Flames
game without getting caught. My BS
detector is on high alert right now.
>> Why?
>> Because you DM'd a person who has a
media pass
>> who now is going to help you get in and
potentially lose their job. I'm just not
buying that.
>> Is that what happened? Or is this like
did you shoot this afterwards and act it
out?
>> There's so much I can't say, but no,
this is not acted out.
>> At least then I would have acknowledged
the elephant in the room. Like I always
think like in your intro like I think
about this like format of like you got
to make your intros rainy which is like
you got to tease the result which you
did. We're going to try to get in. You
got to a address the objection. I don't
think you address the objection just
with a little bit of a line of like and
this guy even though he would have
risked his own job was helping me get in
cuz I don't understand what his motive
is to help you.
>> Yeah. I don't understand why he would do
that either in hindsight.
>> I always think in your videos like think
about like what the viewers are calling
BS on and address it before they have a
chance to think about it.
>> Okay. First order of business, how do I
sneak into a Flames game?
>> Do you have a media pass?
>> I do not have a media pass.
>> First thing, what you're going to do is
try and get that media pass if you know
someone.
Yeah, I was proud of that. Like a better
alternative,
>> which I do not. So
>> this whole thing, dude, like
subconsciously like it just makes it
feel like danger zone.
>> Good. Good. That was the intention. I
wanted multiple cameras, you know, like
the droning music. You have the ticking
in the background. I really want to
elevate this. Like this is a heist. This
is my big, you know, you know, heist I'm
trying to pull off. So yeah. say you
could probably do it. I know it stayed
consistent for a little bit.
>> We discussed the rest of the steps,
which I'll get to later, but the first
thing I had to do was recreate Flames
media passes that looked identical.
>> I just found a guy who did media for the
Flames and posted his entire media pass
on Instagram. So, all I had to do was
just take that image, put into
Photoshop, and recreate it.
>> Oh my god, dude. Do you I mean, maybe
I'm just like a dad now. Like,
>> you're getting old, dude.
>> No, but like, dude, just imagine
success. Plan that you're going to be
successful like down the road. Do you
want to be the YouTuber that like
photoshopped a media pass
>> before I enter the arena? So, right
before the actual heist begins, I stay I
actually did buy tickets for legal
purposes.
>> Dude, where was that in the beginning of
the video?
>> Why would I put that?
>> That decreases all the stakes. Now
people are going like, "Oh, why should I
care? You already
>> know." But als Yeah, I agree. I agree
with that. And also, the people watching
this aren't going to be like you like
why the dude.
>> Well, no. I'm thinking about him success
as a creator long term, you know? Like,
just think about
>> Look at my channel, dude. It is filled
with just guar. Like, dude, I did so
many illegal things and filmed it and
documented it and posted it.
>> I know. I know.
>> For for 11 years,
>> but Eric's most recent Super Bowl video,
he didn't state that they bought the
tickets until they were about to sneak
in. He didn't say it in the beginning.
>> Fair enough. Fair enough.
>> But for legal purposes, the disclaimer
is there.
>> You're right. It does take away from the
state, but I think for legal purposes.
>> No, I did buy tickets, Danny. Okay.
Stop.
>> Hey, I'm not the one. It's this guy. He
called the police.
>> I'm just trying to share. I think that's
why it's good in five minutes. Yeah, we
Yeah, we got
>> the Spar Studio events already tracking
down.
>> Yeah. Yeah, we got the news.
>> Okay, let's fast forward a bit. Like
maybe explain where we're at at this
moment in the video cuz you've done all
the prep. Now you're about to go into
the stadium to try to sneak in.
>> We've gone through the traffic security
and now we're making our way into the
arena to actually head into the game.
And from there, we'll see if the passes
get me all the way to the seats.
>> Okay. All right.
>> How you feeling tonight? Playoff spot.
>> Your sound design is great. Thank you.
>> Time was running out and I had to make a
decision now. Was I going to be
paralyzed by the fear of failure and not
follow through? It wouldn't be the first
time I've set a goal.
>> End of 2024, we've amassed at least
100,000 subscribers
>> only to give up halfway. Repeat that
cycle over and over.
>> I would have just moved on to it. That's
me though.
>> I feel like it's good to tie in cuz I'm
learning a bit more about you. I would
have liked this after like you either
like I don't know what's about to
happen. Like are you going to get in?
Are you good or not? Like just I feel
like we haven't earned this moment.
>> Yeah. I just feel like I get to the
point where when someone like makes it
this big deal, but then it's just like,
bro, you're just sneaking in. Like,
you're either going to say yes or no.
They're not going to like cut your head
off for doing, you know? So, I just want
to like That's me, though. I just like
want to
>> Oh, you feel like he's like getting a
little too mellow dramatic.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like when it
gets too But that's also me. I think
maybe the normal person at home, I think
it might be good.
>> Yeah. I will say like I love when people
take like the initial narrative of a
video and add a second one later on cuz
now all of a sudden I'm learning more
about you and I'm kind of invested in
like okay wow you've had a lot of
attempts at a lot of big things. Is this
one going to go well? Yeah.
>> So I can see what you're doing there.
>> Thank you.
>> If I fail I fail. But I've come way too
far to back out now. I'm done thinking
what if
>> instant media pass.
>> No way that worked. your front, bro.
This is incredible.
>> So, now we're at the end here. This is
kind of like the wrap up. Um, how are
you thinking about ending this video?
>> So, I sneak into the VIP box and so
that's like the final thing. And then I
actually have a CTA regarding Ara. So, I
put Eric Decker on my media pass for the
name.
>> Oh my god, you called out.
>> I didn't call him out.
>> I didn't call him out. I basically So,
at the end, I said there's a reason why
I used his name. I'll explain it uh
later on if I get to level three. And
once I get in, I say he's sneaking into
the White House. I want to help him.
This is like my application to But hey,
I won't do it now if you don't want me
to sneak in. I'm sorry.
>> You want to sneak into the White House?
>> I don't want to sneak in, but if Eric
needs help, he said he was going to do
that.
>> He's going to do that. That's hilarious.
>> Yeah, man. I think this video like if I
didn't see your subscriber count, I
would never guess. Like, how many
subscribers you have right now?
>> 15,000.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, one thing I I would say is like
like he was saying, if people were to
keep like if this was your thing, it's
like don't let it be your thing. Like
Yeah. Make sure you don't get stuck in
doing something every week.
>> How many subscribers do you have? about
like 110,000
>> and we're about to roast one of your
videos, give you feedback that I think
could be helpful for your next videos
for anybody watching. Um, what are we
about to watch?
>> Me surviving riding a bull.
>> Well, you got an 1800 lb bull stepping
on you. Yeah. You know, lose a lung,
lose a, you know, kidney.
>> This is the first time riding a bull.
>> That hurt
on my back. I don't want to do this.
>> Uh, is that you?
>> Yeah.
>> How many people do you think would
recognize you through that helmet?
Nobody.
>> Obviously, you want to be safe and put
the helmet on. First, I'm not sure who's
talking. If I haven't watched your
videos, I don't know, you know. So, I
would have just had a few more things.
You looking nervous putting on the
helmet than kind of diving into the
action.
[Music]
>> Well, this will all make sense if you go
back before I was a sad cowboy wannabe.
>> This is uh editor. This is way too far
back.
>> Oh, that's me.
>> That's hilarious, dude.
>> I know you I know you grew up with money
because you have footage of you as a
child.
>> Some money. You definitely had a little
bit of money, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> Cowboy Central. Big things happen here.
Let's see where the man
>> You put some effort in this video to
have the best cowboy teacher in the
world agree to teach me for 3 days.
Lucky cuz currently I don't have an
ounce of cowboy in.
>> I love what you're setting up here cuz
like now you're helping me follow the
story cuz I assume this is going to go
higher and higher up.
>> Yeah.
>> Like so I feel like we're almost like in
video game mode.
>> I mean this type of stuff actually does
inspire me a little bit.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. I love this. This is great. It's
cool. It makes me want to like Dude, I
want to like come up with like some sort
of like bit like this and like, you know
what I mean? It's pretty cool.
>> I feel like you've done that with like
traveling across the
>> I'm a big fan of like I'm a big fan of
like the cinematic shots though, like
him walking and then you it zooms in on
the telephone pole. Like I love those
shots.
>> Yeah,
>> dude. That's high praise from him. That
is pretty
>> Gary. This is David.
>> Who's this?
>> Gary Lefu, world champion in bull riding
and in the rodeo hall of fame. He's a
cowboy I want to be like,
>> but I'm a bit worried because he said
the fastest way to learn how to be a
cowboy is to get on the board.
>> I Dude, this is so cool. And I love like
you're you're building like an aesthetic
and a universe.
>> You know that if I were to see your
another video, I'm like, "Oh, I've
watched this before." And immediately
like you start to feel different than
all the other clutter on YouTube. So,
>> if you sent me this video and you're
like, "I want to work for you." I'd
probably hire you on the spot, honestly.
>> All right. I'll send this to you
afterwards. But I wouldn't hire you
because you definitely have potential to
easily you could get millions easily.
>> Wow.
>> The content now on YouTube, there are so
many shitty creators and it's so that
are huge and it's so pathetic.
>> It is. It's
>> It is like actually pathetic.
>> We'll talk about that afterwards.
>> Yeah.
>> No, Danny, if you want to call out
somebody right now, you could do that.
So Danny and I actually filmed a bonus
roast with another creator beyond the
three creators that you'll see in this
video. And we'll send it to you for free
when you sign up for a free trial of
Spotter Studio, which is today's sponsor
and one of my favorite creator tools. In
fact, I use Spotter Studio to help
brainstorm this exact video that you're
watching. Because using their tool, I
saw that my breakdown video with Mr.
Beast and my videos with Danny Duncan
were huge outliers on my channel. So I
thought, why not combine the formats?
So, together with Spotter Studio, we
flew out these creators to the
Lighthouse in LA. Then, Danny and I
roasted them. And we even use Spotter
Studio to revamp their thumbnails,
titles, and more. And right now, you can
get a 14-day free trial of Spotter
Studio with my link below or scan this
QR code. And best of all, there's no
strings attached. But if you want to
continue, Spotter Studio just announced
their biggest discount yet from $49 per
month to just $29 per month or from $598
to just $99 for the entire year. So,
there's never been a better time to try.
Plus, you'll get that bonus roast video
from Danny and I along with other videos
like a private coaching session that I
co-hosted with Colin Samir and April Lyn
Alter and more. So, go to the link below
to get a free trial of Spotter Studio to
see why so many creators use it and love
it.
>> John, you shot now.
>> This was a simulator that I invented and
uh it simulates the jumping kick. Ready?
>> Yeah.
>> See, I roll up on my leg going over cuz
I'm giving and taking him here. here
doing this. Oh [__]
>> Keep your chest out. Keep your back
arch. Just concentrate right here and
try to bring that down and full. Okay.
>> My first impression of Gary is that he
moves too fast. I hate being rushed into
things that I'm not fully ready for.
>> The sound design, the swelling. Awesome.
Awesome. Like like I am like feeling the
music and what's going on. Like
>> he's like Gordon Ramsay of videos.
>> They're going to roast me.
>> Oh, dude. I mean there's a mix of both.
Both. Yeah, not fully ready for, but
Gary,
>> it feels like he expects me to get on
the bull immediately.
>> Great other angle.
>> You're a natural boy. You're a natural.
>> Did you hear what I heard?
>> He said I'm a natural. I guess being a
cowboy is a lot easier than I thought.
>> I was going to say you should have the
cowboy.
>> This is good, dude. This is good. I hate
the font, though.
>> Like, go back.
>> Should have used a western font.
>> Yes. Yeah.
>> Ah, good idea.
>> What the hell is this font, man? This is
like worse than comic sands.
>> I'll change my branding.
>> I mean,
>> the colors are good though. At least
>> the colors are good, but you have like
the other like like scrapbook font. You
have a lot of things going on like and
then you like pull out this like, you
know, Microsoft P.
>> Come up with something to hate on right
now, bro.
>> No, I No, it bothered me the first time.
I didn't say it. It came back. I got
>> All right. All right.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> My legs are burning.
>> Go ahead and get off and let them rest
for a little bit. Yeah, that was that
was awesome. Yeah, you use muscles that
you don't you're not used to using, you
know, cuz
>> what what hurts.
>> It's like the
>> I don't know if you can show that, but
it's like right on.
>> Did you blur out your
>> blur on this?
>> You don't want to get flagged?
>> Yeah.
>> I wouldn't blur that.
>> Yeah,
>> you don't blur anything.
>> Yeah, naked.
>> We know. Danny, we know. We know. I
Danny gave me access to his YouTube
studio. I cannot believe how many videos
with millions of views are totally
demonetized.
It doesn't. Do you guys test like how
far you could go before you get
demonetized?
>> I would say if you don't monetize the
video, you you can go further if it's a
crazier video. If you monetize the
chances of it getting I think uh yellow
or age restricted is like very quick.
>> I think it's a higher chance.
>> Yeah, Dan. Danny push.
>> But yeah, I would sac I'll sacrifice the
money for the views.
>> Yeah. Okay. Okay, so let's fast forward
to the part where you get your ass
absolutely kicked by riding a bull like
in a arena like competitive environment.
>> I mean, that's hilarious that you did it
in front of people.
>> Yeah. Yeah, props.
>> That's great.
>> I was definitely the fastest one to
fall.
>> Oh my god, my heart is like racing
watching this.
[Applause]
>> That's not horrible.
>> Two second. I like that you put that
graphic up there.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I like that, too.
>> Not the font, right?
>> Yeah. No, I like the font.
>> I failed again. Imagine how cool the
story would be if I got it then. I was
pretty bummed, but Gary thought I was
crazy for even trying. Before our time
ended, Gary reminded me, "Whatever I
vividly imagine, ardently desire,
sincerely believe in, and
enthusiastically act upon must
inevitably come to pass." So, with that
said, I gave the last day my all.
[Music]
>> Oh my god,
>> dude. Well done.
>> Is that even a bowl, though? Let's be
honest.
>> Oh. Oh my god. Oh my god.
>> Wait. What's about to happen here?
>> Let's get it.
>> They all screamed.
Move
[Music]
>> it.
[Laughter]
>> How did that feel?
>> Oh, that was like the best feeling ever.
>> Can I tell you one thing though?
I would have start cutting and wrapping
up the video here
>> right away.
>> Yeah. Like like we feel it or like at
least change the shot. I know there's so
much excitement like if you had another
camera on here like at this point the
wide shot is established. I want to see
your emotion or Gary's emotion as your
teacher. I need I need to feel the
emotional right here.
>> Yeah, I would definitely I agree. I
didn't feel like it was going too long
though at all. But
>> like if this guy was filming you two
right here, that's a really good shot of
you two cuz this is a big moment. I
don't know what this guy's filming the
bowl for. Like it makes no sense. But
honestly, like why is he filming the
bull?
>> Yeah, I guess you could always get that
after as a
>> Yeah, you could get a million shots of
this bull sitting here.
>> But but this moment you can't
>> Yeah, this moment's huge. I can't stand
when there's a shot and then another
filmer in the shot. I hate it.
>> Uh I don't mind that.
>> It pisses me off so much. It looks so
stupid. I think it looks unprofessional
and stupid. It's like if you're watching
a movie, dude, you don't see some idiot
in the background filming [__] I
>> I think that's the beauty of YouTube and
and even documentaries. You see the
other person
>> looks horrible. What documentary do you
like when
>> you see it? you see the other person in
the shot sometimes or like I I know it's
not the most professional. I think
that's one where like
>> I I
>> unless there's a reason unless there's a
reason for like that idiot in the
background should not be there.
>> There's no way you agree that that guy
it looks good with that guy in the shot.
>> No, I Well, I think the shot could have
been different if it was closer up and
he was in it. I would take that. How
many views does this get?
>> I don't know. Like probably like little
bit like 10 20,000.
>> Yeah, I think with those changes like
this is too good of a video.
>> No, that's a great video, but I think it
takes time too. Like I remember getting
10k views a video and I was like yeah I
think it was like I was getting like
five and I was like hell yeah. When I
was getting 10 a video I was like oh we
got something here.
>> Yeah. I will also say the title and
thumbnail could have used a lot of work.
Like now seeing the video I would have
made the title something like I tried
professional bull riding or how many
days did you spend at this ranch? That's
like four days.
>> Four days. I spent four days like
professional bull riding or something
like that. Like if we did this with the
thumbnail it would look good on mobile
and desktop. And then we also have our
YouTube hack pack where like we ran it
through the thumbnail tester to make
sure it looked good. Um, so I think a
lot of those things will improve and if
you guys want to get that as well, just
go to the link below or the QR code. Um,
but dude, I thought you did great and
uh, yeah, I'm really impressed actually.
We got Maria here. How many subs do you
have?
>> I have 27,000.
>> Okay, so what video are we about to
watch?
>> This is six habits that I would master
if I had 25 pounds to lose in 2025.
>> Way too long of a title.
>> Great.
>> Way too long of a title. But but a video
you need to watch.
>> I need to gain 25 pounds. Daddy, weren't
you trying to lose weight before?
>> I'm trying to gain weight.
>> You're trying to gain weight as long
would be great.
>> Okay. But a lot of people are trying to
lose weight, but the title is very long.
>> Yeah. A little confusing.
>> I would have done six tips to lose 25
pounds in 2025.
>> Or just six tips to lose 25 pounds fast.
>> Yeah, that could be good, too. Or
honestly, I know the tips thing is
overdone, so I think you need a
qualifier like six surprising tips. Six
uncommon tips, like six unconventional
tips, like like make me think that
you're about to tell me something new.
>> Okay.
>> We also have a little surprise for you.
So, we redesigned your thumbnail.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And like we even have like other
iterations that we explored, but like
for this one, like we just thought way
too much was going on.
>> These are great. Thank you.
>> Of course, we'll send them over to If I
had 25 pounds to lose this year, I would
not waste a single second of it.
>> Okay, Maria, what is going on here?
>> That's my Instagram.
>> Why so many creators do this? It like
gets on every last one of my nerves.
Like, we don't need a watermark right
there at the corner. Like, we're just
starting to watch you.
>> You don't even want someone to go to
your Instagram right now. You want them
to watch the video. Well, in my opinion,
>> well said single second of it on any of
this online nonsense. Instead, I'm going
to give you six powerful habits that
actually work. And trust me, if you do
these, especially number five, your body
will change.
>> I would have written out the tips.
>> So,
>> Oh, really? giving them away straight
away.
>> Honestly, and this is a mistake I made
like early on in my career where it's
like, in this video, you're going to
learn these tips and I would blur them
out.
>> Okay.
>> Honestly, like our intros had lower
retention when we did that.
>> Okay. versus we just did a video like 15
tips just listing them out. You know
what we saw? People scrub back just to
take a look at it and retention spiked.
>> And I'm talking about habits that fuel
fat loss, build muscle, and make weight
loss feel easy because nobody has
successfully lost weight feeling
miserable long term. Because let's be
real, life is too short to spend it
constantly on a diet. My goal is to help
you reach your goals fast so that you
can get on with living your best.
>> Okay, we got the point. Like, let's get
into the tips, you know? I'm like, what
what what are we waiting for, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> When I'm editing something, if I'm like
just even a little bit hesitant on
anything, I would cut it.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. So, I have like I have multiple
editors. One guy rough cut send it to
let's say the main guy. Then the main
guy when he's done sends it to me. Then
I'm watching again and like maybe I'm
with people watching it and I can just
feel a part slow. You know what I mean?
It's so important when you're watching
people, you could feel impatience.
>> Yeah. Like right now, how you feel
probably you're like, "Oh, stupid
Instagram Mark."
>> And as So my fiance doesn't watch my
videos, but sometimes he will. I'll get
him to and he'll actually find them
interesting and that's a good sign. I
need to
>> wait. Your fiance has to watch every one
of your videos.
>> No. Hell no.
>> Yes. Yeah. Like you're trying to do this
full time, right?
>> Well, I know if he's interest if they're
I know they're good if he actually wants
>> It might not be what he wants to watch.
>> I I know. But I think that's a good like
everybody in your family has somebody
whether it's a parent, a sibling, a
roommate like that's just outside maybe
the target demo of people watching your
YouTube videos.
>> I actually find those are the people
that like keep it real.
>> Yeah. Now habit number one is an
absolute game changer and that is
starting your day with a breakfast that
has at least 20 to 30 g of protein. This
sets the metabolic tone for the day.
That first tip sets the tone and I feel
like the way you phrased it was boring
because you're saying that the tip is
like have like a like a high protein
breakfast like 30 grams, right?
>> Like I think you need to come up with
something that makes it more memorable
like like give a damn about your grams
or something like that. Like you need to
like
>> advice content is all over YouTube. So
you got to find like a piffy way to make
it memorable.
>> Okay.
>> Um unless you're saying something like
really net new based on research. Yeah,
lose weight. Their weakness is often
afternoon or late night snacking. But
the secret to overcoming this is not by
looking at what you're eating in the
evenings. It's going way back to a few
hours earlier and looking at how you
start your day. A huge mistake that I
see my clients making
>> like with that that whole like edit like
I didn't have any time to read that.
Like what was that? What was going on
there?
>> I don't know. I didn't do it.
>> You didn't do it? We're just throwing
your editor under the bus here. Okay,
Maria.
>> She's actually really good.
>> Oh yeah. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to
see like you say here.
>> Um,
>> yeah, that was fast. Yeah,
>> but more than it being fast, I just feel
like you have different
>> brand styles in one video.
>> Yeah,
>> it's like inconsistent and and the
subconscious thing that happens is like
my eye is getting fatigued just like
trying to keep up with all the different
branding. Like I know if I watch Danny's
video, I'm going to see that same color
yellow. I'm going to hear that same song
that you've been putting in your videos
for what, 10 years? Um, and there's a
consistency and familiarity to it that
builds over time,
>> okay? But it's actually much more
beneficial to frontload your day with
your calories, particularly with protein
to help keep your cravings under
control. Now, if this is something that
you're not really used to doing, for
example, I had a client recently and she
just really preferred having her bigger
dinner. That was what she was all
>> So embarrassing.
>> No, this is you're you're doing great.
Um, I would have started with this
story. And so I like to say like tip
number one is this. And you say like a
line like like give a damn about your
grams. Yeah. Or something like that.
Something that's like wait what it
sounds interesting. Let me let me
intrigue. And then I like to say okay
before we get into that tip I want to
tell you a story about one of my clients
and how they put this into practice.
>> Da da da da da. And as a result they
were able to lose weight. So here's what
you should do in your life. And then
>> yeah, I need to make the boring facts
more interesting and tell stories. And
>> well, it it's not even like facts will
sometimes like I don't want to say
they'll always be boring, but to me it's
like story is like the glue that makes a
statistic stick.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> And I I didn't get that story until
later on.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, do you feel it because we're
watching?
>> I can feel it now. I'm like, "Oh my god,
would she just say something
interesting?"
>> If you want to be in our next roast
video, fill out this form below. And I'd
actually love your feedback. If you want
to see more of these roast videos or
potentially even see us turn this into a
service where we leave detailed notes on
your videos to improve them, then fill
out this form below by going to this
link at vidroast.io.
And before we go, I want to also give a
shout out to three more creators who
made some of my favorite thumbnails of
the week, which is a popular segment
from our newsletter that we're doing
here on YouTube thanks to dostore
domains, the OG domain name for creators
selling online. So, here are the three
thumbnails. And I specifically want to
call out the first one from Noah Kaine
because it nails the circle composition
perfectly and the leading lines just
draw your attention in to learn more
about the climbing gear that he's
reviewing. So, let me know if you have
any other thumbnails or creators you
want to nominate or if you're interested
in seeing more roasts like this one. and
I'll see you next time.